Situation:
Dr. Swain, a well-known education researcher, was awarded a grant from the DoE to enable
incarcerated parents and grandparents to read books to their children via software. Your startup has
been selected to create the reading software as part of a larger project.
The software you have prototyped will interface with a secure network that enables voice
communication between mobile devices. The institutions already have software in place to do this, and
the software vendors have been contracted to work with your team on secure communication between
devices. That firm has requested that your team have one person dedicated to developing the interface
between the systems.

In order to maintain funding, the DoE requires a demonstration of security requirements in three
months, and a working prototype of the software (Beta testing) in six months. Assume you submitted
low-fidelity prototypes and a set of functional and non-functional requirements when you bid this
project. However, you were unaware of the security needs at that time.

Answer the following questions:
1. Who are the stakeholders? Describe each “type” of stakeholder and their primary needs and
expectations.
ADMINISTRATIVE: Department of Corrections
                Dr. Swain
                
USERS:          Parents
                Children
                Testing Institution


2. What are the risks of this project? How can you reduce risk?
There are several risks for this project. The developer is facing a time constraint which may be difficult to meet. As a startup, the developer most likely has limited manpower to commit to working on this project. If the product doesn't receive continued funding, it could also put financial constraints on the developer. For the prisons, there is concern of inmates using the product for other purposes, such as communications with people other than their child. For the DoE, there is concern of whether or not the product will work.

                  [FORMAT: Risk:Solution]
Data Breaches: Facial recognition, fingerprint recognition
Bankruptcy: work harder
Time constraints: work harder
Lacking of developers: work harder
Grants and Deadlines: sweettalk stakeholders

3. How does this change your functional requirements? Add the requirements to your list and
include them in your response.
A 2-way connection between parent and child. 
Audio input and output for both ends of the users.
Iteration of words and pages of  books during reading.


4. This changes your non-functional requirements substantially. Add to your non-functional
requirements and include them in your response.
Family friendly selection of books.
Facial or fingerprint recognition to verify user authenticity.

5. What requirements gathering methods are appropriate for this project? Which method(s) will
you use with each stakeholder type and why?

Field observation: We let the parents interact with the software at their leizure, taking in what is easily accessable and what
funtions are more difficult to use.

Interview: After observations are made, we can ask more personal questions about the applications, what they like and dont like
about the system.


6. What verification and validation methods will you use for your requirements? Why?

Alpha testing and Beta testing in order to confirm success of software, and validate that it functions in the hands of users.

7. The security contractors would like to see a rough draft and schedule of your test plan before
you begin. Please provide a draft.

Please submit your document in APA format by Thursday, September 26. Be sure to include all group
members’ names in the document.

Work on your own to answer the questions. Upload a .doc file to the repository. Then we will combine everything into one document.
